---
title: 'In My Room'
description: 'How have you been? Have you been well? I’ve been thinking about you. I want your colors back in my life.'
pubDate: 'Jul 08 2022'
heroImage: '/src/content/allImages/blog/first-blog-heo.jpg'
type: "blog"
tag: ["Short story"]
blog: ["Short Story 001"]
link: "/blog/in-my-room"
colors: ["#D5673E", "#EAE1D9"]
---

_How have you been? Have you been well?_\
_I’ve been thinking about you._\
_I want your colors back in my life._

I really hate the color blue. Does everybody see it as I do? Is it always falling out of walls and spilling on to floors? Peaking from around the corners, from the street signs, the lights in stores? It really ruins my day. There is a strange sort of feeling that overcomes me when I see it. I’m not sure when it began. But the first time I remember is when I was right in front of a convenience store. The lights from the store were thrown across the pavement and whoever passed under it was painted in a neon blue. Just for a moment, when it fell over me, I felt my breath get caught somewhere. My eyes fell on my arms and they were drenched in that blue light. It felt as though I had gotten caught by some unfathomable beast in a nightmare. And then my feet stepped inside the store and the feeling started to wear off. That was a while ago. It still feels a similar way, but now I’ve gotten sued to the idea that I have to pull myself together and keep walking wherever I am. But it still feels burdensome to have to endure it. But the worst place it has come to me is my house. My house is really a prison of blue. I really hate this detail about it. I wish it were any other color.

I had to leave work early today. The store owner decided to close early to go visit her parents. She usually doesn’t tell me about herself but today she seemed like she was happy. Even though I took my time getting out, the sun still hadn’t set yet. When I walk home most evenings, it’s already so dark. But today the sky was like a reflection of the concrete with a little bit of the sun still coming through. There were deep stormy rain clouds gathering. Maybe it was the anticipation of the rain or the awkward stream of light, half lighting the city, it made me feel a little out of place. Like things had split, into this time of day I was getting unfamiliar with and the traces of one I knew well. There was more of a crowd in the streets at that time and walking past them brought on a comparison. They laughed and scolded, held hands and or simply evaluated a choice in stores with such tranquility. An uncomfortable thought appeared in my mind, questioning how much of a part of it I felt. When I have such thoughts, they don’t seem to keep at questions. I also get answers that I don’t like. It made me feel like I wasn’t to be out at this time. Like I had no idea how to be here and not disrupt this image of the town with all its engaging players. Everyone fitting the colors of this light while I jutted out like a mistakenly made stroke of paint. I felt cramped and empty. Like they can see through me. A glass spilt over on its side. I felt transparent. A ghost amongst people with full selves. It was hard to shake that thought even as I entered the house. But once I did, I felt comfortable. I felt comfortable inside the familiar discomfort it brought. This, rather than how I had just felt, this was better by a margin.

Now that I’m home, I can see the traces of the time I’m not usually here for, on the things in my house. The light coming in from the window, not too bright anymore, has cast a shadow that makes the rooms look like they’ve split in two. Each thing, each decorative ornament and piece of furniture, belonging in two places. The blue and shades of grey have begun the symphony of discomfort inside my body. A discomfort I am familiar with. I swim through that song and into my room to change. And once I’m out, I find everything has gone back to the singular shade of black. The sun has finally fully set. I walk around to the lights and turn them on. At once the room is lit in an ink-like shade glowing softly from the corner. I put this in a long time ago, very excited about having found this particularly rare shade of light. The memory of seeing it light up this room for the first time somehow still feels very warm, but in the now it is just cold. Like there is ice in this room. An entire palette of coldness and icescapes. It hasn’t a hint of warmth. Why do I not change it? Why do I still leave it as you liked it?

_If I could show you, that I kept my world the same_\
_would you let me?_\
_Would you hear me out?_\
_I wish you would._\

I should go see about dinner. I usually have no appetite, or rather I don’t see the point of making a big deal of it. To cook, prepare and then serve yourself. I’d rather eat whatever is easiest to put together. When we used to sit at the table, have food that took hours to make and even longer to clean after, I never thought about the absence of it. An absence of a reason to not do any of the rituals behind dinner. It served as an interlude between our days and sleep. Now, there’s no need for an interlude when I don’t even seem to get to a real night’s sleep. A lot of things have worn away for me like this over time, without a reason to hold onto. I try every day to get into bed and stay there until dawn inside a good night’s rest, but I end up on the couch in front of the television. Characters in the drama go through their lives and stories and I watch them without much attention. I let the events and their conversations go right through me. The feeling of having gotten transparent often returns when I’m toward the end a show. Every character has found a resolution and the screen fades to black. But I haven’t moved, and I haven’t felt much different. Nothing seems to stick inside me, no emotion or resolution has so far returned much of an effect. That’s when it’s hardest to get to sleep. The disinterest finally produces a result at the end of the day in the form of a see-through page. There is nothing on it, on me. And I spend the rest of the night awake, thinking about all the things I wish I could do, only to then fall asleep unknowingly in the early mornings. And when I wake up, the sun is so bright outside it burns my eyes to look out the window. This is my biggest disappointment. Out of the all the things that have worn away, the reason to wake up at sensible hours so you can have a sensible day, is the one I want back the most. Living like a sensible human being is lost on me. I tried at first, to simply imitate people. Sometimes old friends want to see me in the day and I’d try to show up. If not to contribute, then at least to observe. But over time, that got worn away too. My reasons to show up to places, to see people and make them see me have faded away. All I want to do is stay where I am, in my room. Even though the coldness of it is just as maddening I seem to find it much more comforting than having to leave my home to go places that have begun to seem so much further away than they are. So now I’m left with being invited less and saying yes even lesser. When I do see some people, I make any excuse to leave early. I still haven’t figured why I don’t want to be there, anywhere with people I’ve known and liked for a while. I often walk home confused about why I left too. And when I’m home I spend the nights watching the same places through a phone. Scrolling through the entire gallery of other people’s memories that I have nothing to do with. Sometimes you’re among them, those picture and places. I’d be lying if I said it didn’t make me stop for a second longer than I do for the others. Your smile hasn’t changed. And what sinks deeper every time is that probably the reason for it hasn’t changed much either. I still watch, and you still smile, only the time and space between has torn. That split has been brutal to feel happen right in front of you.

_Can I tell you something?_\
_I’m jealous of your life. Your laugh. Your happiness._\
_Can you return even a piece of mine back?_\

I remember that day, on the rooftop, you looked the most inviting I’ve ever seen you. Our friends swarming around you, your smile was still brightest in the world. I didn’t dare come any closer. At least for a few minutes, I just wanted to watch you from afar. Watch the light in the room that was always the brightest. I had so many questions to still ask you, about that smile and how many people had told you about it. About how you’d met some of these people we were eating and drinking with. I wish I had. I wish I had decided to sit right next to you and ask you things. Made conversation and tossed you my best smile while I had it in me. 
At the end of the night, clearing up the table felt so peaceful. I would’ve cleaned up these parties with you forever. But I didn’t notice your back turned to me the whole time. I thought the quiet was part of our life. And then before I knew it, I was watching you walk away for the last time. You looked hurt, but I don’t know how I looked to you. I hope you didn’t think anything that wasn’t. I let you go but I didn’t want to. You knew that, right? I still watch you from afar now, through other people’s eyes. You smile just the same and I don’t at all. These are just photos in screens, but I can’t help but impose my feelings on them. 
I want to see you. Just so I could have a chance to go to bed at a sensible time again. I think it could help. I don’t want to linger in my own life like a ghost. I feel myself fading and I am letting it happen. I hate this house and this room. I see you like this in every detail. The coldness reminds me of you, the lights and the couch, the plates and the wallpaper. I wish I could have just enough strength to change them, to go to bed and eat a meal well. Over and over, all I do is let the world bury me here in the things you left behind. Including who I used to be with you. See me once, please. Then maybe I’ll stop speaking to you this way. My ghost reaching for a version of you that no longer exists. I needed you to hold on to and now I need you, so I can let go. See me, won’t you?


